Connection Page -
Should have functionality for setting radio BAUD and PORT
Actions:
Connect to drone, Run health checks once connected. Hold DRONE_READY status until checks completed.
Should also req a state update from the drone prior to any checks.
Establish socket ports in state vars? How should this be ambiguous? - use control interface for all connection.
Should be able set the location for telemetry saves. Maybe name the drone from the panel?

BorderPane = Left is a VBox for setting values and starting connection. Center is a grid of go/dego values.
Right is a telemetry save selection and client params? Should also be flight selection!

List of health checks:
Battery voltage is below BATT_ARM_VOLT
GPS - Any GPS issue is present
Gyro - Any issue
Accelerometer - Any issue
Logging - Any issue
SD Card - Missing or corrupted
Radio - Connection outside of acceptable parameters

Review Page -
Telemetry playback. Mirror the flight page but with a different set of controls and an emulation of the Data page.

Camera Page -
Dual displays of camera (one for the front, one for the bottom.)
Label above each panel, and a square image play for the video frames that are pulled. Need to be decoded 
in H.265, stored in a video outstream (written out to the telemetry file), and also written to an imagebuffer to write.
See claude page for methodology.

Telemetry Page -
A grid with every telemetry icon display visibile? Should be configurable in some manner.

Configuration -
Run tests. Standard battery of programs. Dispatch commands to the drone and run the tests in the local distribution there.
Should be able to call for a list of programs and their respective catagories from the drone. Display these dynamically in a side bar
with a button to run, a title, and a description of the command.

Flight -
As implemented.


System updates - 
Services - JavaFX runs its GUI service that updates the display, from the data page.
To connect to the drone, a telemetry service needs to run. It should facilitate updates, and serve as the
middleman between the client code and the control class.

What needs to be implemented -
A broad update. This is done when connecting to the drone, and updates all telemetry, state, and info class
variables.
A state update function. Get the state of the drone, and monitor stuff.
Health update - run checks and verify status.
Telemetry update - get a regular telemetry blip and update the data.


Types of data to get from the drone.
Telemetry class -
Stuff like altitude, speed, and so forth.

State class -
Stuff like is the drone armed? Are certain health checks passed?

Info class -
Stuff like what are the available flight plans? What is the name of the drone?


Types of data to send to the drone.
Commands -
Start flight, arm, run tests, etc.

Configuration -
Change the drone name, adjust minimum battery fail voltage, and so forth.


Todos:
Get a control test interface up so that I can setup flight testing and actually add button functionality.
This means getting gazebo integration up and running.